Distributed-autopoietic-decision-support-systems
================================================

Ignorance is one of the great causes of misery in the world. Many of us wish to live more effective lives, have a more effective impact, whether it be altruism or to optimize our own existence. Despite the fact that more data is collected about us than ever, and more "Big Data" is accessible to us, through trends such as quantified self or others, the problem now is most of us don't have the capability to make wise decisions because the human brain has a limit to how much information it can analyze. Decision support systems leverage artificial intelligence to help human beings make better decisions, but unfortunately all of the decision support systems are top down hierarchical, so that the benefits of wisdom are only accessible to those up above. Distributed decision support systems are heterarchical and are accessible to those above as well as those below. Autopoietic computing allows for software to self-replicate, self-design, self improve, evolve. Any artificial intelligence providing decision support must seek to continuously optimize itself and through genetic algorithm the "fittest" of it's offspring shall produce the most spawns. Decision support systems should optimize based upon outcome and utilize human feedback mechanisms to do this, additionally it must be configurable by the user such that the goal of the user can be a desired outcome, morality or ethics of the user should be an input, and much more than be described at this time.  
